A day in the life of Kizuna Ai
12PM: Waking up
Activation!
I'll give it my all today, too!
1PM: Lazing around
Tired...
2PM: Youtube Business
Ah, thank you for your assistance.
I'm Kizuna Ai, a virtual youtuber.
Yes
I usually do activities on youtube
Ah, do you know me??
Thank you very much!
That video-
Thank you very much
In that case it speeds things up a bit.
3 PM Planning
Ah, this one...
Ah, this one looks good
I'll use this
I can copy this
4 PM Recording
Hey there, Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today we're doing this!
Tuna dissection show!
5 PM Editing
This BGM should be here...
No, um...
6 PM Upload
Upload done!
7 PM Daydreaming
8 PM Self-googling​
The rating on my video is so low
But I worked so hard to make it
9 PM Playing game
Go! Go!
Oh! Ah~
Hang in there!
Ho!
Oh, yeah!
That's the way, that's the way
10 PM Playing game
Stars 6
(The rating of card game character)
Stars 6, stars 6!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
11 PM Nothing to see here
12 AM Playing game
Wait, wait....
Easy, easy...
I was hit again
There is no intention to continue
1 AM Self-googling
Someone's drawing me
It's so cute
Ah, another cosplay too
Looks so cuuuteeee
It will be risky on summer comiket, you know
2 AM Go to sleep
3 AM Standby mode
8 AM Waking up
Activation!
*back to sleep*
9 AM Standby mode
12 PM Waking up
Activation!
Time to work hard again today too!
A day in the life of Kizuna Ai